Muhammad Ali from Beit Lahiya is pregnant in Tawam,
that is, she had four clots in her left leg, and when he feared,
when war broke out, there was
a lot of bombing around us. There was a lot of bombardment around us. Artillery was
striking and aircraft were striking. It was so light with
fire packets that I could not get out of my house in any way. My legs
were injured and I was.  I was pregnant with Tom. It was very,
very difficult for me to get out of my house until the
second shelter in Saftawi. It was also difficult for me to get
to the school base. It was also very difficult for me to go down the stairs. The
bathrooms were far away from you. It was
completely different from the [ __ ] they used to throw at us other than the
banging that was present at us once upon a time.  At
school, we had to get out of the school. There was
a foot above us. There was a cane above us. We had a fig tooth growing on it for
two nights. It was very scary. We did
not find anyone to help us sit. The place was overflowing.
We left Yemen Al-Saeed. We went to the camp. From the
camp we found a place. Even the place was not
suitable. We were 15.  Someone from one family sits
in this place, the elevator place. We sat on
top of some Jews. They took us out forcefully. The
sniper was working on us. The artillery was working
on us. We also had a fire belt in the place. It
became a fire belt. The day we left school, the
Jews ran for bread in the same school where we were.
We followed animal bread, may God bless you. It was
rabbit bread. Pregnant women would not eat garlic in it. She would eat
rabbit bread. By God, by God, by God, there was blood. Destruction to the health of
women and destruction to the babies. By God, it was
difficult to follow the pregnancy. We ate what we followed. It was I. My
meal was how many pregnant women for
one person. I mean, the second afternoon or the
afternoon was over.  I had his meal and we finished. There is no food or
drink. The school’s bathrooms, may God bless you, are absolutely
terrible. There are no bathrooms, and there is no
cleanliness. I mean, I am killing them. The liver of the epidemic is yolk in
their eyes. There are people who, by God, donate it to me. It is like cutting the brain. I swear to
God, to stabilize the pregnancy. May God grant you a finger. You
are supposed to take what you took prepared.  I said in the
eighth month, the middle of the eighth. Well, I am in the beginning of the
eighth at the moment. I do not know how I want to be. I am not
aware of the child. I am not aware of what I am aware of. It is
important that I want to
answer at all. I mean, the health situation at
all. When I want a father, where I want to go. I am
afraid of the father as well.  The eighth or last, I tell
you, O Lord, the next is on the ninth, God willing. God
will keep you safe from us. But where do I want to go? I hope
that I will return to my home. Me and my children are also a home that
suffered in the war. When it first started, they burned it,
they burned it all. After that, they gave it away. What’s wrong with it? No,
we are Hamas.  We are not jihad, nor are we any details